## Subject

{venue} notification - #{submission_number}

## Accept Body

Congratulations! We are delighted to inform you that your paper

  {submission_number} - {submission_title}

was definitively accepted for presentation at {venue}, to be held
{venue_date} in {venue_location}.

The reviews are included below. This year {venue_short} had {submission_count} submissions and we conditionally accepted {accepted_count}, for an acceptance rate of {acceptance_rate}%.

The timeline for the remainder of the process is as follows:

August 1: Final papers, copyright forms and supplemental materials due, at:
          https://precisionconference.com/~infovis12/

The following website has complete information regarding formatting and
submission requirements of your final revised PDF and other materials:

http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~vis/Track/tvcg.html

Before you submit your final camera-ready version, please draw your
attention to several important points (READ CAREFULLY):

* Do NOT increase page length for your final version over that of the
originally reviewed version unless you received explicit permission to
do so from the papers co-chairs prior to the revision stage. Also note
that, as per the original instructions, the tenth page (if you have
one) can contain ONLY references. In particular, the tenth page MAY NOT
contain acknowledgments or figures.

* If you have annotated changes to your manuscript in the paper itself
during the second round, please make sure you remove all annotations in
the final version.

* Remove any anonymization.

* Some primaries have made minor comments on the revised version of your
paper during the second round review. Take these into account before
submitting your final version. Any additional comments on your paper
are included at the end of this email under the "Second round comments"
header in the primary review. If this header is missing, the primary
has not supplied comments.

* Double check that your paper conforms to the journal format. It should
also contain a correctly dated copyright box on the bottom left of the
first page. This year's template reads: "Manuscript received 31 March
2012\; accepted 1 August 2012\; posted online 14 October 2012\; mailed
on 5 October 2012. For information on obtaining reprints of this
article, please send e-mail to: tvcg@computer.org."

* Please note in particular the suggestions for ensuring that the images
in your PDF document are stored at sufficiently high resolution instead
of using the default lossy compression settings.

* You can include a video of your work on the conference DVD-ROM. TVCG
requires that supplemental material is peer reviewed, hence this is only
allowed if you have submitted a video with your original submission, and
if the reviewers have found it acceptable. Videos can be up to 5 minutes
in length, and you may also include other supplemental material such as
additional images or source code on the DVD. The web site above includes
information on how to do so.

* In addition to your final version, we require copyright, release, and
metadata forms to be submitted before we can publish your paper!
Instructions on how to do that can be found on the web site above under
"Submission Requirements".

* To upload your final version you must REPLACE the second round
version in the conference system with the final version. If you don't
want to make any changes to the version you already submitted, you don't
have to upload a final version. You still need to submit copyright,
release, and metadata forms, however.

* At least one author per paper must register for the conference and is
required to present a short preview of their paper during the paper
preview session. We will send you more details on that in a future
message.

The official conference web site, which will include final program and
registration information as it becomes available, is:

http://www.visweek.org/

We are looking forward to an exciting and vibrant InfoVis 2012, with an
outstanding set of papers. We thank you for your contribution to InfoVis
this year, and hope to see you in October!


## Reject Body

Dear {author} -

We regret to inform you that we are unable to accept your {venue} submission:

  {submission_number} - {submission_title}

The reviews are included below. This year {venue_short} had {submission_count} submissions and we conditionally accepted {accepted_count}, for an acceptance rate of {acceptance_rate}%.

There were many factors considered in evaluating the reviews.  Although numerical scores are important, we also read reviewersâ€™ comments and discussion closely to understand their reasons for the scores, balancing different points of view in arriving at our final decision.

Many of the submissions that were not accepted present interesting work and ideas.  We hope you will find the reviewers' comments informative, especially if you revise your paper for submission to next year's conference, {alternative}, or elsewhere.

We particularly encourage this where the ideas contained in submissions were positively received by reviewers but the revisions required were deemed to be beyond the scope of the conference review cycle.  If you address the issues raised and subsequently submit to {alternative} please make reference to the {venue} submission and include a description of how you addressed the reviewers' comments.

Please also consider submitting work that was received positively to the {poster_venue} program, due on {poster_deadline}.  This will enable you to present your work to the VIS audience and get further feedback on your ideas. For more, see
{poster_url}

We thank you for submitting your paper to {venue}. We wish you the best in your endeavors and still hope to see you at the conference. Please check online for updates on this year's program - {venue_url}

## Footer

{chairs}
{venue} Chairs
